Congratulations! That was a lot,
and you all went through it.
To recap, we went over how to use MetaMask in our webpage.
We tested our smart contract as we wrote it,
to make sure it behaves exactly like we expect to.
Afterwards, we explored some of the standards that
the Ethereum community established on how to write certain smart contracts,
and implemented the ERC-721 standard.
I then showed you how to use Zeppelin to leverage the already implemented set of
libraries and standards to make smart contract development super fast.
Lastly, we went over using Truffle for
easier web development and Infura for easy deployment.
You're now fully equipped with some of
the best tool in the industry has to offer at this time.
You'll have a blast exploring all these tools to build your uncensored,
de-centralized, unstoppable app. Have fun.